# -Design-a-full-fledged-network-for-an-organization-with-multiple-subnets.
Background 
INTERNATIONAL Apollo University, is an enterprise like East West University, owns a large number  of computers, with a complex network infrastructure. Apart from wired internet access to all the  classrooms, labs, employee PCs, library and other administrative and academic wings, the university also  provides wireless internet access for everyone. On top of that the university runs a number of complex  networked systems to support several of its business process like admissions, advising, results, eTender,  library management, accounts and so on. This complex network infrastructure is subnetted and switching/routing mechanisms are in practice. 

Task
Your task is to create a complete model of a complex network by discovering the interconnectivity of the  systems and subnetworks, which will reflect the INTERNATIONAL Apollo University’s structure and  facilities, features within the network will include the followings:  Web page of the university will reflect International Apollo University’s web page.  DNS sever needs to be installed to locate webserver - meaning people will browse University’s  web site with the following address: http:// www. apollointernational. edu . Among the hosts make sure wireless links to the networks are available.  University’s full network has covered its six campuses with six routers, connectivity between routers are mesh (complex).  Connectivity between all the hosts needs to be established. While designing, keep the issue of future expansion/growth in mind for each of the subnets (if required)  and preserve spaces. It is compulsory to incorporate wireless devices along with wired hosts in the LAN as well. In the physical design, it is a good practice to have a server room where all the servers are positioned in one LAN segment.
